No, I can't let him know about my condition.
Otherwise, I finally found a husband
What if I'm scared to death again?
Humph Wave Long
What's your trouble?
Are you uncomfortable again?
So, you're married?
My mom is urging too hard.
And I didn't happen to meet a good one
I haven't been sick for a long time
I thought I was cured, so I dared to flash the marriage
Did you take the medicine I gave you on time?
I'm eating, I wish you again.
Don't drink alcohol in the future
I'll get your medicine a little worse recently.
You don't have to worry too much
It will definitely be fine.
Thanks.
Shu Yan, why is he here?
It's so easy with a male doctor
Grandpa, please rest here for a while
The sun is nice
Get more sun exposure
Hey little sister
Was he close to the doctor?
I know Miss Pig who often comes to the funeral doctor
Shu Yan finally let me catch you